you're just too good to be true when
you're love you'll jump from the top of
the Empire State screaming drown him on
the whole way down I love her so bad I
just love she breaks my name is Sutton
with the Justice Department I am an
American and I demand to see Alice he
probably is crazy but there's something
about Jerry Jerry Fletcher has theories
the whole Vietnam War was fought over a
vent and Howard Hughes lost to aristotle
onassis some would call his theories
crazy you're telling me that NASA is
going to kill the President of the
United States with an earthquake not
exactly the kind of thing a Secret
Service agent can like just throw
himself on top of he writes them in his
newsletter the third issue this year
conspiracy theory he sends them out Wow
look I feel kind of that could we get
out of here please don't tell me you're
naked right there it's just a bigger
speech could we go and sure is the only
one he trusts I've loved you since the
first time I ever saw you you don't love
me
nope now one of his theories is true can
you prove any of this
absolutely not only he doesn't know
which one must hit a nerve with one of
those articles in there but his enemies
how many subscribers do you have five
did I have to find Jerry bingo I got him
there is these things that you're
talking about you did them to charity
Jerry is very dangerous
what are you gonna do I'm gonna find him
because he'd find me by nature I'm not a
violent man if you heard Allison I'll
kill you
of course in my hub
conspiracy theory directed by Richard
Donner kiss me
what for life